How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	I can find mistakes in my code.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It can help me to save time finding bugs and wrong subversions.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pro: i now when i make saving, the amount of versions is small. Cons: i can forgot to save file.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    No one use google docs to commit more than one file, it's obvious.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Personaly not yet.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    What?

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I don't have special project for this.
	
	
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	Easy acess to history allow me to quickly find wrong decisions i made.
	
	
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
	
	When I commit by myself, i can forgot to coommit. But autocommit can produce unnecessary commits.

	
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	Google docs was not build for coding propose.
	

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	I can easily understand what and where was changed, and whenn.
	
	
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	It allow to make any bullshit and rollback easily.
	
	
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	I don't know. Maybe for testing purpose only.
	